basics/order-storage.md, before:

---

copyright:
  years: 2017
lastupdated: "2017-09-27"

---
{:new_window: target="_blank"}
{:shortdesc: .shortdesc}
{:codeblock: .codeblock}
{:pre: .pre}
{:screen: .screen}
{:tip: .tip}

# Order storage

## Creating a new {{site.data.keyword.cloud_notm}} Platform account

Before ordering a new {{site.data.keyword.cos_full}} storage instance, it is necessary to create a customer account first.

1. Go to [bluemix.net][6]{: new_window} and click on the **Create a Free Account** button.
2. Fill out the form, providing your email address, name, region, and phone number.  Choose a password.
3. Follow the link provided by the confirmation email, and follow the links to log in to the {{site.data.keyword.cloud}} Platform.
4. Before using the {{site.data.keyword.cloud}} Platform, you need to set up a basic development environment.  Choose a region based on your geographic location, and choose a name for your organization.  Don't worry about being perfect - you can change it or create new organizations later. Follow the **Create** link.
5. Now you need to name your first development space.  Again, this can be changed at any time.  After you've chosen a name, follow the **Create** link.
6. Follow the **I'm Ready** link to get started with the {{site.data.keyword.cloud}} Platform.
7. Next up is ordering a new object storage service instance!

## Creating a new service instance

1. Login to [https://console.bluemix.net/](https://console.bluemix.net/){: new_window}.
2. Navigate to the catalog, by clicking **Catalog** in the navigation bar.
3. Look for the **Cloud Object Storage** tile in the storage section and select it.
4. Give the service instance a name and choose either the lite or standard plan.
5. Click **Create** and you will be automatically redirected to your new instance.

[1]:    https://bluemix.net
[2]:    http://www.softlayer.com
[3]:    https://console.ng.bluemix.net/catalog/
[4]:    http://blog.softlayer.com/2016/new-softlayer-accounts-now-ibmid-authentication
[5]:    http://blog.softlayer.com/2016/meet-integrated-ibm-cloud-platform-softlayer-and-bluemix
[6]:    https://bluemix.net
[7]:    http://www.softlayer.com

Commit message:

Need to update steps in Order Storage #99
Removed 4, 5, 6 and linked to registration video.

basics/order-storage.md, after:

---

copyright:
  years: 2017, 2018
lastupdated: "2018-05-24"

---
{:new_window: target="_blank"}
{:shortdesc: .shortdesc}
{:codeblock: .codeblock}
{:pre: .pre}
{:screen: .screen}
{:tip: .tip}

# Order storage
See this video for more help with registration [https://ibm.box.com/s/4tb6uv7i2juxutnfc0swc98wsiuaabka](https://ibm.box.com/s/4tb6uv7i2juxutnfc0swc98wsiuaabka){: new_window}. 

## Creating a new {{site.data.keyword.cloud_notm}} Platform account

Before ordering a new {{site.data.keyword.cos_full}} storage instance, it is necessary to create a customer account first. 

1. Go to [bluemix.net][6]{: new_window} and click **Create a Free Account**.
2. Fill out the form, providing your email address, name, region, and phone number. Choose a password.
3. Follow the link provided by the confirmation email, and follow the links to log in to the {{site.data.keyword.cloud}} Platform.
4. Next up is ordering a new object storage service instance!

## Creating a new service instance

1. Login to [https://console.bluemix.net/](https://console.bluemix.net/){: new_window}.
2. Navigate to the catalog, by clicking **Catalog** in the navigation bar.
3. Look for the **Cloud Object Storage** tile in the storage section and select it.
4. Give the service instance a name and choose either the lite or standard plan.
5. Click **Create** and you will be automatically redirected to your new instance.

[1]:    https://bluemix.net
[2]:    http://www.softlayer.com
[3]:    https://console.ng.bluemix.net/catalog/
[4]:    http://blog.softlayer.com/2016/new-softlayer-accounts-now-ibmid-authentication
[5]:    http://blog.softlayer.com/2016/meet-integrated-ibm-cloud-platform-softlayer-and-bluemix
[6]:    https://bluemix.net
[7]:    http://www.softlayer.com
